Senior Backend Engineer
Clusterfudge
London
March 2023

About

    Clusterfudge are looking for a senior backend engineer to lead the development
    of an AI-First Supercomputer Scheduler within a small tech team. As a
    founding engineer you will be invited and expected to have opinions about
    the strategic direction of the company and products, as well as leading the
    development team from the front. A successful candidate will be willing to
    learn new skills (CUDA, Infiniband, Python, Go, frontend framework du jour,
    automation etc), turning their hand to necessary tasks and working with
    complete autonomy.

Technology

    Our application is primarily written in Go with Python used for the research
    heavy areas. The team has historically built microservices, but this time
    around we're backing a monolith to reduce complexity. Automation is paramount,
    we practice a strict continuous deployment policy. We embrace open source and
    begin with the mindset of writing our software to be public. We encourage
    everyone at Clusterfudge to share & present our work at conferences and
    collaborate with others wherever possible.

Expertise in

    Code for Humans
        Your machine is happy if it compiles; your team is happy if they can
        understand what it does. Your pull requests are succinct and a pleasure
        to review, you have unit tests where it matters, and you understand
        that the code is not, in fact, the documentation.

    Reliable & Resilient Software
        Not for you the happy path or the assumed network. That habit of yours
        of assuming the worst and planning for it has earned you stripes in the
        world of running software at scale under real world conditions.

    Tools for the Team
        Whether it's a smart command line utility or a core internal library,
        you excel at improving everyone's lives by removing repetition & common
        sources of error, and by solving hard problems in accessible ways. You
        build internal processes that are so reliable they melt into the
        background but are key to getting shit done.

    APIs
        You've been on the receiving end of APIs good and bad, and want to
        delight our customers with the high quality they expect. You know that
        whilst everything should be Profobuf, the real work expects JSON, and
        sometime even SOAP for that critical integration. But know how to
        isolate the contagion.

Knowledge of

    Go, AWS, Linux, docker, NoSQL/Cassandra (Mongo & Redis don't count),
    PostgreSQL, Git, Agile development, distributed system design, CI/CD

Apply

    CV and your github/whatever profiles to https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeiaFM4TmPNizrfrV1HyMyeSas79ho3BFxazc_3zpBj9FPATg/viewform
    No recruiters please.
